[energetic music] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] – El Paso, Texas, give it up for Gabriel Iglesias! [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ – What’s up, El Paso? [crowd cheering] Thank you guys, very very much. Oh, my God. Ah, I got chills. Lookit. Lookit. Lookit. Lookit. [laughs] Thank you very much. Thank you. Whoo. I missed you too. Sientate, tio; sientate. Oh, my God. Somebody saw me running. Correle, gordo. Correle, correle. Yeah, I know, friggin’… [exhales] [laughs] Oh, my God, you guys. I know a lot of you are like, “What took you so long to come back to El Paso?” [crowd cheering] I don’t have a good excuse, but I hope this makes up for it. [crowd cheering] Man, I have some history in this town. Been coming here since July of 1 997. [crowd hooting] Yeah. Used to perform on the west side of town over at Bart Reed’s Comic Strip. [crowd cheering] I was here on my 21st birthday. I’ll never forget. Never forget it. And that’s the last time I drank in El Paso. Uh-huh. You guys don’t mess around. It was my birthday. I’m hanging out at the club, and they’re like, “It’s your birthday.” I’m like, “It’s my birthday.” “You want a drink?” “Sure.” So I started drinking and drinking and drinking. And then the staff was like, “Do you want to party?” I was like… [slurring] “I wanna party.” “You want to dance?” “I wanna dance.” I passed out, and I woke up at someplace called the O.P. [laughter and cheers] Now, see, you guys are clapping and you’re laughing because you know. [laughter] I didn’t know it was an “alternative” night club. I’m from L.A. I thought O.P. stood for “Orale Pues”. [laughter] And that is a messed up way to sober up, you know. I’m at the club. I’m dancing, you know. [beat-boxing] Hey. [beat-boxing] Hey! [laughter and applause] There was a little guy behind me going, “Pikachu.” He was like, “Yo tambien soy Pokemon.” No. Uh-uh. But it was kind of crazy. I was getting checked out by guys. I was like, “Oh, my God.” And I know they were checking me out, ’cause they were looking at me like I look at tacos. But then I thought about it. “Oh, my God, I just turned on a man. Shoot.” Man, I called my girlfriend. I said, “You better not mess up. I have options.” Uh-huh. I have memory. A few years back, I was doing a show at the Comic Strip, and my idol, Mr. Paul Rodriguez, was in town doing a benefit. He calls up the Comic Strip, and he says, he says, “Hey, listen, I’m doing a benefit up the street. “Y sabes que, vato? “I’m gonna come down there, and I want to do some shots. Some tequila, some tacos.” I’m like, “Let’s do it.” He shows up to the club, and he says, “All right, get in the car. Let’s go.” “Where are we going?” “We’re going to Juarez.” “Juarez? Let’s eat some tacos here.” “I can’t afford you here. Let’s go to the other side.” [makes engine noise] So we wind up on the other side, and we wound up killing some tacos, and, you know, we wound up crossing the border. And when we crossed the border, it was a few months after I taped a bunch of water commercials here. You guys remember the water commercials? Yeah, and then they pulled me off the advertising because they said I was too fat to sell water. Whatever. So we’re crossing the border, and Immigration was right there, and they’re checking the cars, and we’re in a blue van. My buddy Jim, who’s sitting over there, was driving, and Border Patrol comes over to the window, and he goes— he opens the door and he sees me. He goes, “Oh, my God. It’s you. You’re hysterical. And I go, “What do you think of this guy?” And Paul was like, “Hey, what’s up?” And the guy was like, “Oh, my God.” So we wound up taking pictures at the border. And it was so funny, ’cause we’re outside the car, and we’re pretending to be arrested, right? People are driving by going, “Let Paul Rodriguez and Pikachu go!” They’re American! Let ’em go!” [laughing] It was priceless. We crossed the border, and Paul was like, “I want to go hang out and have a good time.” He went to this place off the 1 0 called Jaguars. [crowd cheers] It’s a “male,” you know, gentleman’s club, whatever you want to call it. So we go in there, and I’m like, “Oh, my God.” As soon as we walked in, I’m like— I’m thinking Paul’s gonna be all like, “Shh, I don’t want nobody to know I’m here.” Goes over to the DJ, and the DJ’s like, “All right, ladies, look who just walked in: Paul Rodriguez!” All of a sudden, there’s, like, 32 lap dances that stop like that. And all these girls, they bum-rush Paul. And I’m like, “Wow, I got to get funnier.” So we’re hanging out there for a couple of hours. So we wind up outside in the parking lot, And this girl jumped into the car, and she’s like, “Oh, my God, Paul Rodriguez. “I love you. My mama’s a huge fan too. Here. Please, please, please.” And he, “Whatever, whatever, okay, come here, come here.” “Here, please, talk to her on the phone.” “Ora.” He looks at me in the front seat, and he goes, “Hey, tu, Iglesias. Here, be me.” He put me on the phone with the girl’s mom. I’m like, “Hey, senora. How you doing? “Yeah, you know, uh… “your daughter, she’s a real angel. Yeah. That’s what they call her here.” [audience laughing] Yeah, man, I love Paul. Like I said, Paul’s the… you know, one of the main reasons why I got into comedy. And he used to mess with me a lot; trust me. In my last special, I talked about how I had a Volkswagen Beetle. It was a true story. I really had a Beetle. And I got rid of it because I got tired of the fat jokes. When you’re a fluffy guy and you have a little car and all of your friends are professional comedians… oh, they’ll make you cry. Paul, especially. “How the hell did you manage to squeeze inside of that? “Hombre, I have never seen a car expand before “while someone was inside of it. “How do you get a stretch mark on the windshield? “That’s what I want to know. When you fart, does it go faster?” One after another after another. I’m like, “Oh, my God.” And you know what it is? It’s Karma. ‘Cause ten years ago, I did a joke about Paul Rodriguez on TV. I used to be on a show on the Nickelodeon Network called AII That. Some of you remember? Yeah? That was me, a lot smaller. I was only two X’s. I was a dos equis. Yeah. Anyway, as soon as the TV show season was over, they gave all the cast members gifts. They gave this one girl a TV, this one kid a DVD collection. Since I was the only one who had his own car, they gave me a car alarm with a remote start to it. A lot of cars have those now, but think back ten years ago. There was only a few that had the… [imitates alarm beeping, car engine starting] My friends went, “Where’d you get that?” I looked at them, and I said… “Nickelodeon!” “That’s bad!” I go to show it off to everybody. I show it to my mom, I said, “Mom, go to the car. I got to use the bathroom. I left you a present.” [gasps] “Un present, okay!” So she goes to the car, and I started the car from the kitchen. [imitates alarm beeping, car engine starting] ” El diablo! El diablo! El diablo!” I had to run outside. “Mom, it’s not the devil. Lookit, lookit, lookit.” [imitates alarm beeping, car engine starting] “Nickelodeon!” “Oh, my God, mijo. Oh, my God, you scared me.” Me sacastes un pedo, mijo. “Oh, my God, mira. Smell, smell, smell. Smell, mijo, smell. ” I wind up doing a show in Hollywood at a comedy club, and I’m working with my idol, with Paul Rodriguez. Soon as the show was over, we go—you know, we’re walking out the door, and he walks up to me and he says, “You know, I like the whole fluffy thing you do. “It’s catchy. Sounds cute. Keep eating.” We walk outside, and my car is parked there first because I showed up late. So I’m—you know, my car’s right there and Paul walks by. “All right, take it easy.” He walks right in front of my car. And my friend goes, “Dude, show him your car. Show him Nickelodeon.” And I couldn’t help it, you know, freakin’… [imitates alarm beeping, car engine starting] “Hey! Hijole!” What the hell? What is this?” “Paul!” “Nickelodeon!” “Hombre, cabron pinche, Fluffy, you gave me a heart attack. You take it easy.” Valet brings his car around, a brand-new Porsche 91 1. The car was nice. You know, it pulls up. [imitates roaring engine] Valet gives him the keys. He turns around and looks at me. “Hey, tu, Fluffy. Check it out.” I’m like, “Whatever. It’s not Nickelodeon.” [imitates car alarm beeping] The door pops open. [imitates whirring, beeping] Trunk. [imitates whirring] “I’m not through yet.” [imitates alarm beeping, car engine starting] [imitates engine revving] [imitates car horn playing “La Cucaracha”] [imitates beeping] “HBO.” [laughing and cheering] A lot has changed, El Paso. A lot has changed. One thing’s for sure; I’m still the fluffy guy. [cheering] And I say “fluffy” ’cause that is the politically correct term. For those of you that don’t remember, I used to say that there were five levels of fatness. Reason why I say “used to say” is because now there are six. Uh-huh. I met the new one in Las Cruces. The original five levels are big, healthy, husky, fluffy and damn! People ask, “What could be bigger than damn?” The new level’s called, “Oh, hell, no!” [laughter, applause] What’s the difference? You’re still willing to work with level five. Example: If you’re on an elevator and you’re with your friend, and this really big guy gets on and you and your friend look at each other, and you’re like, “Damn!” But you still let the big guy ride your elevator. That’s the difference. Level six, you see walking towards your elevator. [deep grunting] “Oh, hell, no!” [rumbling] “No!” [rumbling] “No! No!” That’s the difference. The guy that I met was 6″8′, 614 pounds. [audience gasping] Uh-huh, “Aw, hell, no.” And he was offended at my show, not by anything that I said but because of the fact that now, at the shows, I started selling T-shirts, and, apparently, I didn’t have his size. Keep in mind, I go all the way up to 5X on the T-shirts, and he was like… [in deep, raspy voice] “You don’t have my size.” I was like, “Dude, I didn’t know they made you.…